Let's talk about the project that you're about to work on.
You work for the Data Science team at STEDI,
a small start-up focused on assessing balance for seniors.
STEDI has an application that collects data from seniors during a small exercise.
The user logs in and then selects the customer they are working with.
Then the user starts a timer and clicks the button with each step the senior takes.
When the senior has reached 30 steps,
their test is finished.
The data transmitted enables the application to monitor seniors' balance risk.
Your product manager has requested a graph that shows fall risk for recent assessments.
The development team has built a graph which is ready
to receive risk information from Kafka.
When you first come into the STEDI graph,
it will be empty.
The job that you have is to bring data into the graph.
The way you're going to do that is by pulling information from a couple of sources.
The first source is a redis source topic from Kafka.
The next source is an application topic.
You're going to join the information from both of those to create a message that
includes the year of birth of the participant and their current fall risk.
You will then pass that message on to a new topic you create.
That topic is where the data's coming from for this graph.